---
title: Your Password Must Contain Generator
layout: page
---

{% include example.html %}

**`must-contain`** is a web API that generates sentences of the form shown above, informing you
about ridiculous things that your password must contain.

  + TOC
  {:toc}


Usage
-----


### Web API

The catch-all way of retrieving content is to perform HTTP calls to our web API directly.
Note that this is *not recommended* if there's a library available for your language.
Libraries are encouraged to implement caching and other conveniencies.

API requests must be performed against the `http://must-contain.herokuapp.com` hostname.  No limits
are placed on requests per second, but we ask you to use the API with responsibility.  Although no
limits are currently in place, we might add a few if we see abuse.

#### `GET /random/{lang}`

  + `lang`: The ISO code of the languge in which you need the sentences generated.
    We only support English right now, so use `en`.

This endpoint accept a number of query parameters, all of them optional:

  + `num`: Number of sentences to retrieve.  Limited to a maximum of 100.  Defaults to 5.
  + `nc`: Whether to return phrases licensed for non-commercial use.  Use the value `true` to allow,
    `false` to disallow.  Defaults to `false`.

Phrases are returned fully constructed and ready to use.  A few parameters and an option to get a
detailed version of the sentence might be added in the future.


Inspiration
-----------

The entire generator is inspired by the [@must_contain][] Twitter account, which tweets
periodically these kind of phrases.  Those tweets are obviously hand-crafted, while we generate
most of our sentences on the fly.

  [@must_contain]:  https://twitter.com/must_contain  "Your PW Must Contain Twitter Account"


Authors
-------

The web API, JavaScript client library and this website were started and developed by
[Daniel Escoz][].  You can see a list of projects in our
[GitHub Organization Page][must-contain github], and each one has a list of contributos.

  [daniel escoz]: https://github.com/Darkhogg "Daniel Escoz GitHub Page"
  [must-contain github]: https://github.com/must-contain "must-contain GitHub Page"

A lot of the *stand-alone phrases* are from the [@must_contain][] Twitter account.
A big thank you to them for releasing their tweets under Creative Commons!


License
-------

  + All code on our [GitHub Organization][must-contain github] is licensed under the [MIT license][]
    unless stated otherwise in the project.

  + The contents of this website are licensed under the
    [Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 4.0][cc-by-sa] license.

  + Sentences generated by our API are licensed under both the the
    [Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 4.0][cc-by-sa] and the
    [Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial 4.0][cc-by-nc] License.
    We guarantee that, unless the option to return sentences licensed under the Non-Commercial
    variant is set, anything returned is suitable for commercial use.

The particular extent to wich the *Non-Commercial* restriction applies is currently not well
defined, so you should avoid them under any commercial project.

  [mit license]: http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT "MIT License"
  [cc-by-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ "Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 4.0"
  [cc-by-nc]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/ "Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial 4.0"